Hey, I'm Doug Doug. I'm a YouTuber. That
is actually pretty embarrassing, it
turns out. Not cuz the actual job,
obviously. It's just that when you meet
old people, like at a family reunion or
airport or whatever, and they ask, "What
do you do for a living?" And you're
like, "I'm a YouTuber." They don't
understand what that means. Their eyes
kind of glaze over and they imagine some
guy like screaming at Minecraft on his
computer. There's not actual respect for
what I do. Not like another artist, not
like an author. Which is why it's time
for this to change. It's why it's time
for me to finally get some respect from
old people. It's time for me to
introduce
my new book, Doug, a Doug Doug story.
This is a real book. It is out now on
Amazon.com, which means I can introduce
myself to people as a published author.
Not only that, because I won a streamer
award uh that one time like 3 years ago,
technically I can introduce myself as an
award-winning published author.
But this is not a good book. This book
is the word Doug written about 50,000
times in a row. There's nothing else in
here. Every chapter is just Doug. I kind
of tried to make it look like a story.
There isn't one. I even took chapters
from other books entirely and just
replaced all the words with Doug, like
the sex scene from Fifty Shades of Gray
or the Bible. Doesn't matter though, cuz
technically this is a book, which means
technically I'm an award-winning
published author.
We even rented this fancy ass house to
take promotional pictures to make this
look like a legit book, which it is.
Now, of course, I'm banking on the fact
here that nobody is actually going to
read any of the book cuz if they read a
single page, they'll realize there's
nothing in here. But what I'm hoping is
they just go on Amazon and they see that
it's a real book with a real promotional
material of this house and they see that
there's a real forward by a real author
and they go, "Wow, that's very
impressive, young man. You're really
making a difference in the world."
That's all that matters.
>> So, thanks so much for being a part of
this next chapter of my life and thank
you for supporting charity because all
of the profits from this book are going
to go to the Montterrey Bay Aquarium so
that it's actually for something useful
and that's really great. That's a super
good cause. I hope you support ocean
conservation. But I just really want to
reiterate, no rational person should
read this book. But hey, neither will
the boomers and that's exactly what
we're counting on.
>> So, thanks for being here for Doug a
Doug Doug story. And now I'm off to live
my life as impossible.
[Music]
[Applause]
I say
[Music]
today's stream is pay to win because
whoever donates the most money gets put
into the top left corner and I have to
do whatever they say for 4 hours. If
you're the richest, you literally
control the stream. But the instant
somebody donates more than you. You're
booted out and I have to do whatever
that guy says. And we continue this up
until the stream ends. And for
reference, 100 bits on Twitch is worth
about a dollar. And you can only
increase the total by 500 bits at a
time. This is a terrible use of money.
Anyways, here we go. Doug, if you need
money, just say so. Look, I'm being
upfront. This is not a good use of
money, and you guys could collectively
decide to be responsible. You could all
agree not to. You could leave the
stream. I don't have to make any money
off this and I'm letting you know and
I'm not putting it towards a good cause.
I'm literally going to try to get myself
a nice airplane seat. This is a bad use
of money. I really want to reiterate
this everybody. You can put this into
savings. You could buy gold, buy
sustenance.
>> Thank you for donating all of your bits
collected this stream to St. Jude.
Really appreciate your generosity.
>> Doug Doug airplane seat children's
hospital. I don't even think they're a
real hospital. There's nothing like
heartwarming about this. It's just
you're wasting money.
>> Shut. Let's not donate and keep Doug in
economy class. No lay down seat for you,
Doug.
>> I want to lay down. It's so nice, dude.
You guys got to trust me. I really like
it. You got to believe me. Is everybody
ready? We are beginning the actual code
thing. In theory, if I do this. Okay,
nothing's happening. I did it.
>> I want to see you go fast again.
>> Yes. Oh, thank god. Noodle. Oh, that's
awesome. Okay, I just get to play the
video game I want to play.
>> [__] yeah. Playing video games.
>> End the stream now. No, you didn't get
to. Noodle Knight's still the most rich.
You can't just be as rich as somebody
else. Okay.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. What do you want? Can I play
Haste? Haste is a new game. It's really,
really fun. I meant to play some
yesterday. I didn't have time. I'm
assuming you're saying okay because I
get to keep play. You're okay with me
continuing to play Haste. All right. So,
I'm going to play haste. Uh please, if
you happen to donate more money,
>> play Wizard 101 and you have to pay for
premium.
>> No, I want to play Haste. This is so
fun. You got to believe me. Fine,
whatever. How do I How do I play Wizard
101? What is it on Steam? Wizards 101.
Okay, I'm going to download Wizard 101.
Doug, I will log on right now. Well, you
better hope that the next richest person
wants me to keep playing Wizard 101.
>> Play campaign trail showcase.
>> Okay, cancel download. I already
finished downloading. Uh, what is that?
Campaign Trail. No, we were so close. I
did download it.
>> Play Lego Star Wars.
>> We current No, you have to be greater
than the current richest person.
>> Can you send some tacos? I am so hungry.
>> Kate, I if you Discord me your address
right now, I will Door Dash Taco Bell to
your place.
>> Hell yeah.
>> Okay, I She actually sent her You better
hope that nobody takes the spot in the
next like 4 minutes.
>> Please don't. I'm so hungry.
>> I'm going to cancel. Oh, Wizard 101 is
ready to play. Thank god. Yes. Could you
add TTS that says the current bits
amount? I'm blind so can't tell what we
are doing.
>> Yes, I don't have to pay for get K
tacos. Technically, a new richest person
could pay for that. Wait, sorry. What?
What did you want me to do? Blind mage?
Add TTS to tell bits amount. Oh, like it
says the new highest amount. Okay, I can
do that. I think
>> even just the number would be grand.
Okay, I'm going to do this, but I'm
going to let the code keep going in the
meantime.
>> No, no. Get back to wizards 101.
>> Okay, do I have to finish coding the
Texas speech? It would take one more
line of code, I guess. Technically,
unless Noodle Knight tells me to finish
this code, we're running with it the way
it currently is. I'm going back to
Wizard 101. Okay, here we go.
>> I need you to play Ultra Kill on the
hardest difficulty.
>> Well, I need you to stop being so poor.
Okay, can we all agree Noodle Knight is
like so hot and rich right now? We can
all agree. It reminds me I I prepped
this and got it ready of that Futurama
clip where Fry puts on the captain's
hat. Okay.
>> To the ship.
>> Such a man. I'd follow him to hell and
back. I would. That's how I feel about
Noodle Knight. I would follow Night to
hell and back. Dude, Doug, you're
stalling wizard. Fine. Sign up. Do I
have to? This is for children, man. The
default is 13.
>> Can we watch old game shows from the
>> It's okay. I don't have to make an
account. Thank god. Uh, okay. I'll just
minimize that. Game shows from the '
70s.
>> You should donate these money to Lotus
Children's Center Mongolia.
>> Again, this is not going to charity.
This is a bad use of your money. Game
show from the 70s.
>> No, I won.
>> Wait, what?
>> Not game shows. I asked you to donate to
Lotus Children's Center Mongolia.
>> Wait, what? Hold on. I'm confused. Wrong
person. So, who? Someone donated three.
Wait, so who should it be? I can make
you the person. Who's supposed to be the
richest?
>> I'm the person.
>> Wait, Archio is saying they're the
person. Yeah, so it's correct. Arc
donated the 3,000. I'm confused. What is
going on?
>> Text your mom unironically. She gave
birth to you, Doug. Don't be an [__]
>> What is happening? Why is the timing
off? Hold on.
>> Buy a ticket at Tijana for yourself or
play pirate 101.
>> Okay. Vise is Vise is the richest. What
is happening?
>> Back to Wizard 101. Dog dog.
>> Wait, but that's not correct. Who's
Scooter Pepperoni? What is happening? I
also I'm trying to pause the
>> first game in your Steam library gets
played.
>> Wait, why is it noodle? Why is
happening? Oh, cuz I reset the code.
[__] Hold on. What's the current Okay,
who is supposed to be the richest right
now?
>> Me. That guy. me noodle.
>> What was it at? Somebody was 5,000,
right? Was Noodle Knight 5K? Now that's
a captive. I'd follow Noodle Knight to
hell and back. I would. It was Vice.
Vise donated. Wait, Noodle, did you
donate 5,000 or did Vise donate 5,000?
And who did it first? Yes. Okay, this is
going great. Vice was 5K. Noodleite was
500. Wait, it was Vice. Noodle is lying.
You know, he lied so confidently. I
would follow him to hell and back. I
would
>> truth 07. Great game.
>> Never forget Kate's tacos. Well, nothing
has finished. Nothing has actually
happened. Vise, are you here? Are you
the one who wanted a game show or is
that somebody else?
>> I said buy a ticket to Tijana or play
Pirate 101.
>> What is Pirate 101? What is that?
>> Oh, okay. It's also free. Let's uh play
game. This is what, the third game of
the day. What is this game?
>> Also, get kids some tacos.
>> All right. How do I add a
>> in the spirit of the shamelessness going
on in this stream? Watch slash review
the channel Wobblehawk on YouTube.
>> Okay. Uh, you were live for Wobble. What
was it? Wobble on YouTube.
>> Delete Haste and ban your favorites mod.
>> What did you just say? I have to delete
Haste. Okay. I'm uninstalling this.
>> You may play Haste, but in return, you
must ban the last person and your
favorites mod.
>> Okay, so I'm reinstalling Haste. I am
banning my favorite mod. You know who's
my favorite mod? The mod who most
recently spoke in chat, and that is
Roach. Ban Roach 606. Okay, let me pause
everything. Give me a sec. Don't donate.
Do not donate. Do not redeem. It will
not register. I'm going to reset
everything. I'm turning this off.
Everything is reset. It should be good
now. We turn Streamerbot on first. This
stream is terrible. I want to play
Haste. Haste is a new game by Landfall
and it's so fun. Just if some rich ass
person, some hot rich chatter wants to
come in here and just let me play haste.
>> Remember when you reacted to colors? I
miss that. I want to see that.
>> Okay, colors. Uh, let's look at um blue.
That's pretty good. Woo! Blue. Um, okay.
How about green? That looks pretty good.
>> Do pink next. I like green on Oh,
>> first VIP me. None of my messages got
through last time. VIP.
>> Second, unban Roach/modernly remod them.
Third, get Kate those tacos.
>> Okay, I am unbanning Roach and we're I'm
getting tacos again. I'm doing it in
that order though. Un
>> [__] you dog.
You're a tiny little sniveling bald
little baby.
>> I don't give a [__] about your opinion.
I only care about hot rich people like
Fizzful Mod Roach 606. Okay, welcome
back. Third thing is I need to get K
Tacos. Working on it. To be clear, I'm
still midway through inputting her
address. The people want tacos and
Arkham City. Richest chatter, listen to
the people. Nobody wants Arkham City.
There's one guy who asked for that and
then just keep saying we want Arkham
City. Nobody cares about that. You can't
just use the royal Wii all the time.
Tacos. Wait, do does Kate get to pick or
do I just pick the tacos? My rule this
month was to not buy myself Taco Bell.
This is perfect. Okay, I'm getting you a
nacho cheese Doritos Loco Taco Cantina
chicken toasted cheddar street chalupas.
What is any of this? Caliente canned
chicken
nachos cheese. Sure, [__] it. Okay, I'm
sending you five tacos. Kate, you have
got tacos. What is the next thing I'm
supposed to do? Play haste? Do I get to
play haste now?
>> Yes, haste.
>> Oh, thank God. Yes. This is what we're
here for, dude. Playing haste. This game
rips, man.
>> But quickly throw up a poll for
president of chat.
>> Who is president of chat?
>> Refresh uninstall haste. No, I'm so
close. I'm in the menu. [__] Wait, I
don't think I can re Wait, I can't
refund it. Only 30 minutes.
>> I just found out that I'm very liquid.
Let's get check for 10 minutes. Pls.
>> Okay, I didn't have time to uninstall
it. I just have to leave for 10 minutes.
Do you want music or just this?
Oh,
>> and Roach were nominated for president.
>> We're so back. Okay. All right. Rizz
votes for nominated for president. What
does the poll mean? Do you vote Roach
and Fizz for president? Oh, it's Wait,
it's which one of them? Is it both you
or one of you? I don't know. Whatever.
I'm going to boot up Haste. Okay.
Congratulations to Roach and Fizz. You
are president. I don't know what that
means. Congratulations. Now, it's time
for us to all watch me play Haste, which
is what we were here for. Really, this
game is like what Sonic games should be.
Can we all agree this is the best part
of the stream so far? Oh,
>> not so fast.
>> I was in the level. [__] No. Uninstall.
>> Yes,
>> I did get like 3 seconds.
>> Is this how to be the richest? I don't
know. I joined late. Also, get some
Danish food and play.
>> What is Danish food? I I don't know what
that means. Respectfully, do I just
search that on Door Dash? Wait, I can't.
I've already ordered tacos. Cook it in
the kitchen. Whoa.
>> Reinstall Haste. Tell us what's good
about it while it installs.
>> Yes, we're so back.
>> We want Arkham City. Doug, please. You
promised.
>> I literally did not. Nobody wants that
first off, except the one guy. I believe
that he wants it.
>> Whoever is richest, make it Twitch chat
plays haste. Not Doug.
>> But I want to.
>> Doug, you have 30 seconds to start
telling us why you like haste.
>> Oh, I'm sorry. Uh,
>> if you don't tell us, we're going to
uninstall.
>> Okay. All right. Hold on.
>> No scums. Do what I told you.
>> Oh, I want to play. Wait, hold on. What
do I connar? What? This Danish food and
what else? Can you remind me?
>> Danish food in Arkham City.
>> Ban the previous richest chapter that
interrupted your explanation.
>> Go back to the explanation.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Ban commisar TDC. Wait, dude. That's
[__] up. He can't even donate now.
Okay. Uh, you didn't tell me to play
haste, so I just have to describe it.
It's really good because it's really
good movement. It's like the mobile game
Tiny Wings where you have to drop under
the
>> Can we play schedule one?
>> What the [__] is schedule one? What is
this? Okay, I'll buy schedule one. Oh,
dude, I just realized how you can be a
mega villain. Turbine. Look, I'm not
saying you do this. It's immoral. But
you could ban Fizz because then Fizz
can't beat you. Nah.
>> Okay, Turbine's a good It's an honorable
rich hot guy or girl. Uh, okay. Schedule
one. Oh,
>> go back to the explanation.
>> I feel like you missed your opportunity,
dude. Okay, like I like I was saying,
what's so great about haste is the
feeling of momentum when you drop onto a
hill at a perfect angle because then you
speed up and you get extra bonus. So
then the more you keep the momentum
flowing, the better it feels. And then
you just go the whole time. And the fact
that it's a rog light means it's always
>> less talking, more hasty.
>> Yeah, we're so back, dude.
>> We're getting the [__] out of schedule
one. Boo, this game is great. Do I need
to explain it to you again?
>> No.
>> Fine. Can we schedule?
>> No. Let me play schedule one. Is this a
multiplayer game? What is the point of
me?
>> Just play dog.
>> Okay. Specify a name for your
organization. Dog
>> less talking.
>> Drug. Drug
>> mode for Slen.
>> Um. Okay.
>> You will pick a random message in chat
every minute and do what he says.
>> Jesus Christ. Okay. Doug, go forward.
Whoever's in charge, tell Doug to end
stream.
>> Play. Okay, I swear this is not a bit.
The first message I read was from Fam
and it said, "Play Arkham. Do whatever
chat says."
>> Oh my god. Okay. Arkham City Game of the
Year Edition. Cool. I will purchase
this. And how much?
>> We are a democracy.
>> That's not how democracy works. You
don't elect one guy president every 60
seconds.
>> NVM, we are a randomly generated
oligarchy. Okay, I'm installing the
content. It's 20 G and we are starting
the download. Arkham City.
>> Remember, you have to keep reading chat.
>> Oh, right. It's been a minute. Okay, I'm
literally first message I look at go.
Okay, Turbine, I just want to make sure
that you want this. I swear this was
random. I promise. I want you to confirm
that's what you want. That I do what
this person said.
>> Only rule is you must do what chat says
every minute.
>> I scrolled. I closed my eyes and I
highlighted this message from Meow Zio
that says end stream. And so I want to
thank everybody for joining today's
stream. I hope you had a great time. I
am so excited for this trip to Japan. A
wonderful stream today everybody. I
really do hope you
>> and GG. Have a great one everybody. I
hope you have a great rest of your day.
Kate, your tacos just got delivered.
I've received news. Apparently, I
misread it. It was not a bit. The person
who told me to end stream was clearly
trying to get me to end stream because
they said end stream, but then they mis
they typoed and wrote end Steam and
that's the one I saw. Wait, are we sure?
I'm going to check the footage. Oh my
god, it says end Steam. Okay, that means
we're still in it. Technically, I was
told to end Steam. I am going to
rightclick and exit Steam. We are still
going. Fizz, you are the richest
chatter.
>> Oh, wait. You turned it back on.
>> All the code kept running. Nothing
changed. The stream just turned off.
>> Okay. I was actually delaying last time
cuz Turbo is based. So, ask Turbo for
one suggestion.
>> Wait, wait, wait. You're saying that
Turbo, the person who dethroned you and
then you dethroned them and they refused
to ban you like an honorable samurai,
you want to give them one request? Am I
reading this correctly?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Turbine, you are a VIP, so
whatever you say will appear here.
Turbine, what would you like? We await
your order. Schedule one for 3 hours.
God damn it. Can I play Ace? Okay, fine.
We're booting Steam up.
Schedule one. This is maybe the
stupidest hour.
>> However, I say stream 07 chat. See you
guys next time.
>> Well, ladies and gentlemen, it's been an
honor.
>> No.
>> God damn it. I was excited. Okay. What?
What? Uh, what do I do now? Fizz,
>> donate $5 to M Bay.
>> That's it. I've made like $1,000. I
Whatever you want.
>> Then go back to Haste.
>> Okay. So, we're stopping schedule one.
We're going to Monterey Bay Aquarium
donation. And you want me to $5. Okay.
They're going to see it's from me.
They're going to be like, "Hey, make it
in underscore Wobblehoff's name if you
get an option."
>> Okay, never mind. Instead, it will be
from the Wobblehawk. $5. And that is it
my address or is it Kate's address? I
have her address ready. Wait, Kate, can
I can I show the picture? Kate. Okay,
let the record show that Kate received
tacos from Door Dash. That is proof.
>> Tacos, guys.
>> And let the record show. Can I show your
cats? Kate has cute cats.
>> Can you put it in my name so I can get
the tax write off?
>> I don't think that's how it works. I
think I get the tax write off cuz I'm
spending the money.
>> Hello, Fizz. I'd just like to say you're
based AF and I hope you keep the VIP
after this stream. You're a person I'd
follow to hell and back.
>> I'd follow Fizz to Helen back. I would
uh what am I doing now? Go
>> make Fizz felt a permanent VIP. They
deserve it. Also, Doug, don't feel sorry
for that much money. You deserve it.
Also, before Fizz spends 18,000 bits and
gets broke, I share my power with them.
>> Okay. So, play haste.
>> So, if Fizz says anything, I also do
what Fizz says. Okay, permanent VIP
deal. What's the next thing? Don't feel
sorry for this much money. Okay, sure I
won't. I share my power with Fizz. Also
play. Okay, so we're playing haste.
Wait, we're being we're haste. We're
playing haste. Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, we're so back.
>> I am now kind of high, but this doesn't
seem like schedule one. Fine, let's play
haste.
>> Okay, you donated just to tell me to
keep playing haste. I It's already open.
How high are you? Am I just like
stealing from high people who don't
understand what's going on? This is real
money, by the way. Okay, I'm going to
continue the shard run here. This is one
of the harder levels, so if I make it to
the end,
>> Doug, I'm fine financially. Don't worry.
>> Okay. All right. As long as you are as
long as I'm not taking advantage of
somebody who's on drugs, and I'm only
taking advantage of just a rich person,
I guess.
>> One, zoom your camera into just your
face, but like really close up. Two,
play Coffee by Super Sister on repeat.
Three, play Skyrim, but totally normally
explore. Have fun and follow the main
story because you never have. Four,
write I love scooter on your forehead.
>> I love scooter. Okay, that'll just go
here. Oh, on my forehead.
>> Uninstall Steam. See if anyone donates
more to stop me.
>> Steam.
>> Yes, someone did.
>> I was one click away.
instantly ban Fizz and then the rest of
the weekly top cheer.
>> Ban Fizzvault.
I got the bannon and the top 10
sheerers. All of the hottest, richest
people are being taken down in a single
play by Ashley Amber.
>> No more bunning.
>> Okay, the other top 10 were saved, but
we do need a F in the chat for Fizz, who
was honorably banned.
>> Unban Fizz and play haste. And like a
phoenix, Fizz rises from the ashes.
Dude, that strategy was so good to try
to take down the top 10 and then Turbine
sniped it before I could ban them all.
That actually would have secured
Kingship for probably like an hour. Um,
cool. I don't, as far as I'm aware, I
don't actually have to do anything else
right now.
>> Play schedule one.
>> Emote only mode, so no one can use me
until we finishing watching the YouTube
video called Hamsters Spinning on a
Wheel by Buildings 02. I'm sorry to tell
you this, that doesn't work for VIPs. I
know you just spent like $200 on this,
but I can't. That's not how emote only
works, and that means somebody else can
dethrone you. It's okay. I'm going to
open up hamster spinning on wheel.
>> No.
>> Time for more chaos. Reset the number of
bits required.
>> Reset the bits. Okay, you should be able
to redeem now. Wait, hold on. Oh my god.
>> Play haste.
>> 1,000 for play haste. Oh my god. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Close capture one. Close catch
one. Play haste. Please, please. Oh,
>> uninstall Steam.
>> No [__] Hold on. Wait, I already have
it open. I can do it really quick.
Uninstall. Yes. Uninstall
the Oh, never mind.
>> And stream. No. Come back.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, it's been a great
time. I'm going to go play haste.
Farewell, chat. Time for me to buy a
flight to Japan.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, was the
true ending of the stream. What a
heartwarming story about how I made,
let's see, $8,000.
That is actually too much money. That
made me feel uncomfortable. So, I did go
donate all of that to charity the next
day. But please, for the love of God, do
not take this as a lesson that you
should give money to streamers.
You know who you should give money to?
The Monterey Bay Aquarium. That's right.
We're doing a Monterey Bay Aquarium
charity stream right now. I'm streaming
every day from the 10th to the 14th. If
you love the ocean, please stop by and
support a really good cause. Click the
link below or a shark will eat you. Ah!